

-----------

QUESTION 1 OF 49

In which of the following phases of business impact analysis (BIA) does the BIA team adopt different information-gathering methods such as interviews and questionnaire surveys to determine assets that are critical to different business functions?
Initiation of the BIA
Acquisition of information
Analysis of information
Documentation of findings
-----------
QUESTION 2 OF 49

Geon, a security professional at an organization, was instructed to secure the organization's network. For this purpose, Geon has deployed a packet sniffer that can be used for network troubleshooting to investigate security issues and to analyze and understand network protocols. Identify the tool employed by Geon in the above scenario.
Wireshark
ShellPhish
Norton Ghost
SyncBackPro

-----------
QUESTION 3 OF 49

Which of the data deidentification techniques involves the process of attaching random characters to a hashed field in a table to increase the complexity and difficulty in retrieving the hashes, providing strong defense against dictionary and rainbow table attacks?
Masking
Bucketing
Tokenization
Salting

-----------
QUESTION 4 OF 49

Which of the following application logs records information related to the changes made to application data such as insert, update, or delete and is helpful in meeting policies and compliance requirements?
Request log
Audit trail
Availability log
Threat log

-----------
QUESTION 5 OF 49

Please choose the appropriate answer.
In which of the following phases of cyber kill chain methodology does an adversary establish a two-way encrypted channel for communication between the victim's system and the adversary-controlled server?
Delivery
Exploitation
Weaponization
Command and control

-----------
QUESTION 6 OF 49

Peter, a network administrator, was tasked with detecting outdated services that are active on the organizational network. For this purpose, he executed an nmap command that retrieves all the service versions that are currently active on the organization's network. Identify the nmap command executed by Peter in the above scenario.
nmap -sS <IP address>
nmap -O <IP address>
nmap -sT <IP address>
nmap -sV <IP address range>

-----------
QUESTION 7 OF 49

Which of the following mobile device connection methods is based on a single network tower that serves devices located within a specific radius and are installed in urban, suburban, & rural areas and cover a large distance?
Cellular communication
Near-field communication
Infrared communication
Wi-Fi communication

-----------

QUESTION 8 OF 49

Identify the VPN core functionality in which packets over a VPN are enclosed within another packet that has a different IP source and destination because concealing the source and destination of the packets can protect the integrity of the data sent.
Authentication
Encapsulation
Encryption
Packet filtering
-----------
QUESTION 9 OF 49

Which of the following levels of virtualization makes virtual devices independent of the physical computer hardware and creates a massive pool of storage areas for different virtual machines running on the hardware?
File-system virtualization
Storage-device virtualization
Fabric virtualization
Server virtualization

-----------
QUESTION 10 OF 49

Keegan, a security team member, conducted risk assessment for the network and devices in the organization. After analyzing and prioritizing each risk, Keegan decided to take immediate action on the risks that may cause service disruption to the organization. Identify the risk level that needs immediate action to prevent service disruption.
Moderate
High
Medium
Low
-----------
QUESTION 11 OF 49

In which of the following IH&R steps is the IH&R team responsible for taking over and analyzing the incident with critical reasoning and good judgment?
Incident triage
Incident containment
Eradication
Notification

-----------
QUESTION 12 OF 49

Franklin, a forensic officer, was appointed to investigate an online gold scam. For this purpose, Franklin obtained information about a popular online scamming website and claimed it as culprit in front of the jury by providing evidence supporting his claim. The jury reviewed the case and dismissed it as there was a lack of proper evidence. Which of the following rule of evidence was violated in the above scenario?
Understandable
Authentic
Admissible
Complete
-----------

QUESTION 13 OF 49

Kairo, a database administrator, was trying to back up all the data of his organization for security purposes without disturbing the running business operations. To achieve this, he employed a backup technique in which the system continues to perform the backup even when the user is accessing the system. Which of the following backup techniques has Kairo employed in the above scenario?
Hot backup
Cold backup
Warm backup
Nearline backup

-----------
QUESTION 14 OF 49

Collin, a forensic officer, was investigating a crime scene. After collecting a suspected laptop from the spot, Collin started inspecting a specific portion of the drive where the criminal had saved the victim's data while performing the malicious activity. Collin collected the files required for the investigation as well as fragments of deleted data. Which of the following data acquisition methods did Collin perform in the above scenario?
Logical acquisition
Sparse acquisition
Bit-stream disk-to-image-file
Bit-stream disk-to-disk
-----------

QUESTION 15 OF 49

Judah, a security professional, performed a security audit on a newly developed application to identify its weak points. Judah tested the application in an isolated virtual environment to protect the production environment from being affected by the system. Identify the technique used by Judah to test the application in the above scenario.
Application whitelisting/blacklisting
Application sandboxing
Application patch management
Application-level firewall (WAF) deployment
------------

QUESTION 16 OF 49

Which of the following ciphers can resist a wide range of attacks and provides message secrecy and integrity and uses a one-way mathematical function that is capable of factoring large prime numbers?
Transposition ciphers
Substitution ciphers
Modern ciphers
Classical ciphers
-------------

QUESTION 17 OF 49

In which of the following types of Internet access policies, the majority of Internet traffic is accepted, except for several well-known and dangerous services/attacks and it is impossible for security professionals to monitor current exploits?
Promiscuous policy
Permissive policy
Paranoid policy
Prudent policy

-----------

QUESTION 18 OF 49

Daniella, a medical assistant, was appointed to take care of a physically paralyzed patient at a ward. Daniella placed a smart wearable on the patient's wrist that sends alerts to Daniella's interfaced monitoring system (mobile) in case of an emergency during her inactive hours. One day, when Daniella was in the canteen, she received an emergency alert indicating that the patient's pulse was fluctuating. Which of the following types of IoT communication models was demonstrated in the above scenario?
Device-to-device
Device-to-cloud
Device-to-gateway
Cloud-to-cloud
-----------

QUESTION 19 OF 49

Jacob, an application developer, developed an eCommerce website. He decided to host his application on a cloud server as it saves costs and no personal maintenance is required. He opted for a cloud deployment model that provides services for free, and the application is accessible to everyone over the Internet. Which of the following cloud deployment models has Jacob employed in the above scenario?
Public cloud
Private cloud
Community cloud
Multi cloud
------------
QUESTION 20 OF 49

Susan, a security professional, wanted to confirm the identity of newly joined employees. She sent email links of the company's portal to all the newly joined employees. The employees need to enter initial access token to login on to the portal, then they will receive an OTP on their mobile phone to upload their scanned certificate copies. Which of the following types of authentication has Susan implemented in the above scenario?
Password authentication
Two-factor authentication
Biometric authentication
Single sign-on (SSO) authentication
-------------

QUESTION 21 OF 49

Karl, a security professional at an organization, while analyzing Windows event logs identified that a threat actor made multiple attempts to gain access to the organization's network but failed to do so, due to strong security controls deployed on the network. Identify the type of event data discussed in the above scenario.
Error
Warning
Success audit
Failure audit
-----------

QUESTION 22 OF 49

Kevin, an administrator at an organization, was instructed by the management to ensure secure client–server communication. For this purpose, he implemented a protocol that provides AAA services separately and encrypts the entire communication between the client and server, including the user passwords. The protocol implemented by Kevin also provides protection against sniffing attacks. Identify the protocol implemented by Kevin in the above scenario.
DNSSEC
SMTPS
TACACS+
LDAPS
-----------
QUESTION 23 OF 49

Please choose the appropriate answer.
A computer user was trying to read the latest news articles from a popular website, but the user was prevented from accessing the resources of the website as certain underlying vulnerabilities in the webpage allowed an attacker to inject fake requests into the network; as a result, the server stopped responding to legitimate user requests. What is the impact caused due to vulnerabilities in the above scenario?
Privilege escalation
Denial of service
Information disclosure
None of the above
------------
QUESTION 24 OF 49

Bentley, a security inspector, was assigned to install a physical security control in the company premises to defend against intrusion attempts. He implemented a security control that involves motion sensors connected with video surveillance to monitor and identify illegitimate intrusion attempts. Which of the following types of physical security control has Bentley implemented in the above scenario?
Deterrent controls
Recovery controls
Detective controls
Compensating controls

-------------

QUESTION 25 OF 49

Which of the following firewalls works at the session layer of the OSI model or TCP layer of TCP/IP, forwards data between networks without verification, and blocks incoming packets from the host but allows traffic to pass through?
Packet filtering firewall
Circuit-level gateway firewall
Application level gateway
Application proxy
-----------

QUESTION 26 OF 49

Which of the following attack signature analysis techniques allows network defenders to detect suspicious activity by analyzing the data in the payload and matching a text string to a specific set of characters?
Content-based signature analysis
Context-based signature analysis
Atomic-signature-based analysis
Composite-signature-based analysis

-----------

QUESTION 27 OF 49

Which of the following is an accreditation standard that guides certification bodies on the formal processes they must follow when auditing their client's information security management systems (ISMSs) against ISO/IEC 27001 in order to certify or register them compliant?
ISO/IEC 27005
ISO/IEC 27006
ISO/IEC TR 27008
ISO/IEC 27010
------------
QUESTION 28 OF 49

Kayson, a network engineer at an organization, was troubleshooting a network issue in the organization's network. This error occurred when a system on the network tried to access files from another system without ethernet. While troubleshooting the issue, Kayson received an error code with value 0x80070035. Which of the following network issues was Kayson trying to resolve in the above scenario?
Network cable is unplugged
Network path cannot be found
Physical connectivity issues
Local connectivity issues

-------------

QUESTION 29 OF 49

In which of the following PKI trust models the certificate authorities do not contain any intermediate CAs or trust anchor and the clients usually depend on their local CAs, which serves as a starting point?
Peer-to-peer trust model
Hybrid trust model
Bridge trust model
Bridge trust model

-----------
QUESTION 30 OF 49

Which of the following zones of the Purdue model is a part of IT, in which supply-chain management and scheduling are performed using business systems such as SAP and ERP?
Enterprise zone
Manufacturing zone
OT systems
Industrial demilitarized zone

-----------

QUESTION 31 OF 49

Please choose the appropriate answer.
Which of the following application security risks occurs when untrusted data is sent to an interpreter as part of a command or query, according to the OWASP?
A1 – injection
A6 – security misconfiguration
A4 – XML external entity (XXE)
A3 – sensitive data exposure
------------

QUESTION 32 OF 49

John, a network specialist at an organization, was instructed to monitor unusual behaviors in the network. He implemented an IDS system that first creates models of possible intrusions and then compares these models with incoming events to make a detection decision. Identify the type of IDS detection method employed by John in the above scenario.
Misuse detection
Anomaly detection
Not-use detection
Protocol anomaly detection
-------------

QUESTION 33 OF 49

Adonis, a security engineer, received a complaint from an employee stating his mobile device has been misplaced by a miscreant, and that it contains certain confidential organizational data. For this reason, Adonis used a technique that allows him to erase all the device data by remotely executing a command. Identify the technique used by Adonis in the above scenario.
Remote wipe
Screen lock
Passwords and PINs
Biometrics

-----------

QUESTION 34 OF 49

Which of the following types of antennas is a unidirectional that is commonly used in communications using the frequency band from 10 MHz to very high frequency (VHF) and ultra-high frequency (UHF)?
Omnidirectional antenna
Yagi antenna
Reflector antenna
Dipole antenna
-----------
QUESTION 35 OF 49

Please choose the appropriate answer.
Jameson, a professional hacker, impersonates an external auditor and tries to persuade a conversation with one of the employees of his target organization. He encouraged the employee to ask questions and then manipulated certain questions to draw out the required information. Which of the following attack techniques was portrayed by Jameson in the above scenario?
Eavesdropping
Shoulder surfing
Piggybacking
Reverse social engineering

------------
QUESTION 36 OF 49

In which of the following IH&R steps does the IH&R team eliminate the root cause of an incident and closes all the attack vectors to prevent similar incidents in future?
Recovery
Eradication
Containment
Incident triage

-------------


QUESTION 37 OF 49

Which of the following individuals are known as steering committees that hold complete control over the data in an organization and are solely responsible for the data assets of the organization?
Data owners
Data controller
Data processor
Data steward

-----------

QUESTION 38 OF 49

Identify the type of threat intelligence that provides information about specific threats to the organization, which includes contextual information about security events and incidents that help defenders identify potential risks.
Operational threat intelligence
Tactical threat intelligence
Technical threat intelligence
Strategic threat intelligence
-----------

QUESTION 39 OF 49

Identify the type of vulnerability assessment in which organizations use synchronization techniques to simultaneously assess assets such as servers and clients that are at different locations.
Non-credentialed assessment
Distributed assessment
Database assessment
Manual assessment
------------
QUESTION 40 OF 49

Which of the following types of proxy servers is an Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standard that does not allow external network components to collect information on the client that generated the request?
Explicit proxy
Non-transparent proxy
SOCKS proxy
Transparent proxy

-------------

QUESTION 41 OF 49

In which of the following tiers of a secure application development lifecycle is a program tested for a second time to ensure the stability of the application and then transferred to the production phase?
Staging
Production
Quality assurance (QA)
Development

-----------

QUESTION 42 OF 49

Which of the following types of information should be sent to a log file and rest should be restricted from being logged as they contain sensitive information?
Creation of system-level objects
Encryption keys
Personal identifiable information
Passwords
-----------
QUESTION 43 OF 49

Graham, a certified pen tester, was appointed by an organization to test its security posture. Graham identified a security flaw in the network configuration and exploited it to compromise the main system connected with several nodes. Identify the phase of penetration testing in which Graham performed the above activity.
Pre-attack phase
Attack phase
Post-attack phase
Documenting phase

------------

QUESTION 44 OF 49

In which of the following investigation phases do forensic officers perform data acquisition, preservation, and analysis of the evidentiary data to identify the source of a crime and the culprit?
Preparatory phase
Pre-investigation phase
Post-investigation phase
Investigation phase

-------------


QUESTION 45 OF 49

Please choose the appropriate answer.
Mateo, a professional hacker, was recruited by an agency to steal sensitive data from a rival company. From a remote location, he discovered vulnerabilities in the target company's network using a vulnerability scanner. He exploited them to intrude into the network and steal confidential data. Identify the threat source exploited by Mateo in the above scenario.
External threats
Internal threats
Unintentional threats
Natural threats

-----------
QUESTION 46 OF 49

Which of the following types of honeypot does not emulate anything but runs actual vulnerable services or software on production systems with a real OS and applications?
Low-interaction honeypot
Medium-interaction honeypot
High-interaction honeypot
Pure honeypot

-----------

QUESTION 47 OF 49

Which of the following Wi-Fi authentication methods uses RADIUS server to distribute authentication keys over clients and the AP in the attempt of enabling an access point to identify a particular wireless client?
Centralized authentication
Shared key authentication
Open system authentication
Single sign-on authentication
------------

QUESTION 48 OF 49

Which of the following types of cable consists of a single copper conductor at its center and a plastic layer coated upon the conductor for moisture resistance?
Coaxial cable
Fiber-optic cable
Shielded twisted pair
Unshielded twisted pair
-------------

QUESTION 49 OF 49

Which of the following techniques refers to spoofing a physical address with the physical address of a legitimate user on the network and involves sniffing a network for physical addresses of legitimate clients connected to the network?
MAC cloning
DHCP spoofing attack
Domain hijacking
MAC flooding
___________________________
End of the quizz 
